README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <img src="docs/imgs/logo.png" alt="PHYLOViZ Web Platform" width="200">
  <br>
  PHYLOViZ Web Platform
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">A Modular and Web-Based Tool for Phylogenetic Analysis.</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="../../graphs/contributors">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Contributors"/>
  </a>
  <a href="../../stargazers">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Stars"/>
  </a>
  <a href="../../issues">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Issues"/>
  </a>
  <a href="../../pulls">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Pull requests"/>
  </a>
  <a href="../../commits/master">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Last commit"/>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#documentation">Documentation</a> •
  <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
  <a href="#credits">Credits</a> •
  <a href="#related">Related</a> •
  <a href="#authors">Authors</a>
</p>

PHYLOViZ Web Platform is a web-based tool for phylogenetic analysis, developed in the context of
the [PHYLOViZ](https://www.phyloviz.net/) initiative.

The PHYLOViZ Web Platform allows users to access and perform phylogenetic analyses and visualizations from anywhere
with an internet connection, without requiring installation of software or access to high-performance computing
resources.

Benefiting from a highly **modular architecture**, the PHYLOViZ Web Platform offers exceptional flexibility and
extensibility. It allows for effortless integration of novel analysis methods and tools, empowering researchers to stay
at the forefront of biomedical research.

Discover the power and versatility of the PHYLOViZ Web Platform, and unlock new insights into phylogenetic data
analysis, by visiting the [PHYLOViZ Web Platform](https://web.phyloviz.net/) website.

To see a demo of the PHYLOViZ Web Platform in action, check out this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=761A27KgHIY). 
It provides an overview of the platform's features and showcases its capabilities for phylogenetic analysis and visualization.

---

## Documentation

The wiki of the project contains technical documentation associated with the repository, being
available [here](https://github.com/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform/wiki).

Additionally, a final report of the project is
available [here](https://github.com/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform/blob/master/docs/report.pdf).

In the [docs](https://github.com/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform/blob/master/docs) folder, you can find
additional documentation.

---

## Key Features

* **Modular Architecture**: The platform has a modular architecture that unifies both versions of PHYLOViZ and allows
  for easy integration of new analysis methods and tools.
* **Web-Based**: It is a web-based tool, accessible from anywhere with an internet connection, without requiring
  installation of software or access to high-performance computing resources;
* **Advanced Data Management**: The platform has advanced data management capabilities, including efficient storage and
  retrieval of large phylogenetic datasets;
* **Optimization Capabilities**: The platform includes optimization capabilities for inference and visualization tasks,
  which are performed server-side using a workflow engine, to avoid limitations of the client-side;
* **Support for Epidemiological and Ancillary data**: The platform integrates epidemiological and ancillary data for
  isolates under study, enhancing the visualization and exploration of inference results;
* **User-friendly interface**: The platform has a user-friendly interface for performing phylogenetic analyses and
  visualizations.

---

## Credits

This software uses the following open source packages:

* [Spring](https://spring.io/)
* [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/)
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
* [Redis](https://redis.io/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* [OpenStack](https://www.openstack.org/)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Material-UI](https://material-ui.com/)
* [Cosmos](https://github.com/cosmograph-org/cosmos)

---

## Related

* [PHYLOViZ](https://www.phyloviz.net/) - A tool for phylogenetic analysis and visualization;
* [PHYLOViZ Online](https://online.phyloviz.net/index) - A web-based tool for phylogenetic analysis and visualization;
* [FLOWViZ](https://github.com/DIVA-IPL-Project/FLOWViZ) - An integration framework for phylogenetic processing;
* [phylolib](https://github.com/Luanab/phylolib) - Library of efficient algorithms for phylogenetic analysis;
* [phyloDB](https://github.com/Brunovski/phyloDB) - A framework for large scale phylogenetic analysis.

---

## Developers

* [André Jesus](https://github.com/andre-j3sus)
* [André Páscoa](https://github.com/devandrepascoa)
* [Nyckollas Brandão](https://github.com/Nyckoka)

### Supervisors

* [Cátia Vaz](https://cvaz.github.io/) [ISEL, INESC-ID]
* [Alexandre P. Francisco](https://fenix.tecnico.ulisboa.pt/homepage/ist14152) [IST, INESC-ID]

Commit message:

docs: update README.md to mention deployment section of the wiki directly

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <img src="docs/imgs/logo.png" alt="PHYLOViZ Web Platform" width="200">
  <br>
  PHYLOViZ Web Platform
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">A Modular and Web-Based Tool for Phylogenetic Analysis.</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="../../graphs/contributors">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Contributors"/>
  </a>
  <a href="../../stargazers">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Stars"/>
  </a>
  <a href="../../issues">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Issues"/>
  </a>
  <a href="../../pulls">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Pull requests"/>
  </a>
  <a href="../../commits/master">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform" alt="Last commit"/>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#documentation">Documentation</a> •
  <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
  <a href="#credits">Credits</a> •
  <a href="#related">Related</a> •
  <a href="#authors">Authors</a>
</p>

PHYLOViZ Web Platform is a web-based tool for phylogenetic analysis, developed in the context of
the [PHYLOViZ](https://www.phyloviz.net/) initiative.

The PHYLOViZ Web Platform allows users to access and perform phylogenetic analyses and visualizations from anywhere
with an internet connection, without requiring installation of software or access to high-performance computing
resources.

Benefiting from a highly **modular architecture**, the PHYLOViZ Web Platform offers exceptional flexibility and
extensibility. It allows for effortless integration of novel analysis methods and tools, empowering researchers to stay
at the forefront of biomedical research.

Discover the power and versatility of the PHYLOViZ Web Platform, and unlock new insights into phylogenetic data
analysis, by visiting the [PHYLOViZ Web Platform](https://web.phyloviz.net/) website.

To see a demo of the PHYLOViZ Web Platform in action, check out
this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=761A27KgHIY).
It provides an overview of the platform's features and showcases its capabilities for phylogenetic analysis and
visualization.

---

## Documentation

### Deployment

The deployment guide for the PHYLOViZ Web Platform is described in
the [deployment](https://github.com/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform/wiki/deployment) section of the wiki.

### Wiki

The wiki of the project contains comprehensive documentation, including both technical specifications and user-oriented
materials, associated with the repository, being
available [here](https://github.com/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform/wiki).

### Final Report

Additionally, a final report of the project, delivered as part of our BSc in Informatics and Computer Engineering is
available [here](https://github.com/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform/blob/master/docs/report.pdf).

### Additional Documentation

In the [docs](https://github.com/phyloviz/phyloviz-web-platform/blob/master/docs) folder, you can find additional
documentation, such as API specifications, project presentation, and other relevant materials.

---

## Key Features

* **Modular Architecture**: The platform has a modular architecture that unifies both versions of PHYLOViZ and allows
  for easy integration of new analysis methods and tools.
* **Web-Based**: It is a web-based tool, accessible from anywhere with an internet connection, without requiring
  installation of software or access to high-performance computing resources;
* **Advanced Data Management**: The platform has advanced data management capabilities, including efficient storage and
  retrieval of large phylogenetic datasets;
* **Optimization Capabilities**: The platform includes optimization capabilities for inference and visualization tasks,
  which are performed server-side using a workflow engine, to avoid limitations of the client-side;
* **Support for Epidemiological and Ancillary data**: The platform integrates epidemiological and ancillary data for
  isolates under study, enhancing the visualization and exploration of inference results;
* **User-friendly interface**: The platform has a user-friendly interface for performing phylogenetic analyses and
  visualizations.

---

## Credits

This software uses the following open source packages:

* [Spring](https://spring.io/)
* [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/)
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
* [Redis](https://redis.io/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* [OpenStack](https://www.openstack.org/)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Material-UI](https://material-ui.com/)
* [Cosmos](https://github.com/cosmograph-org/cosmos)

---

## Related

* [PHYLOViZ](https://www.phyloviz.net/) - A tool for phylogenetic analysis and visualization;
* [PHYLOViZ Online](https://online.phyloviz.net/index) - A web-based tool for phylogenetic analysis and visualization;
* [FLOWViZ](https://github.com/DIVA-IPL-Project/FLOWViZ) - An integration framework for phylogenetic processing;
* [phylolib](https://github.com/Luanab/phylolib) - Library of efficient algorithms for phylogenetic analysis;
* [phyloDB](https://github.com/Brunovski/phyloDB) - A framework for large scale phylogenetic analysis.

---

## Developers

* [André Jesus](https://github.com/andre-j3sus)
* [André Páscoa](https://github.com/devandrepascoa)
* [Nyckollas Brandão](https://github.com/Nyckoka)

### Supervisors

* [Cátia Vaz](https://cvaz.github.io/) [ISEL, INESC-ID]
* [Alexandre P. Francisco](https://fenix.tecnico.ulisboa.pt/homepage/ist14152) [IST, INESC-ID]
